Add `with_properties` and `interpolated_properties` (#37)
crate/cratedb-sqlparse: cratedb_sqlparse_py/README.md

sqlparse('SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f WHERE .id = 1;', raise_exception=True)

# cratedb_sqlparse.parser.ParsingException: NoViableAltException[line 1:37 no viable alternative at input 'SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f WHERE .']
```

Catch the exception:

```python
from cratedb_sqlparse import sqlparse, ParsingException

try:
    t = sqlparse('SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f WHERE .id = 1;', raise_exception=True)[0]
except ParsingException:
    print('Catched!')
```

Note:

It will only raise the first exception it finds, even if you pass in several statements.

### Query metadata.

Query metadata can be read with `statement.metadata`

```python
from cratedb_sqlparse import sqlparse

stmt = sqlparse("SELECT A, B FROM doc.tbl12")

> print(stmt.metadata)
> # Metadata(schema='doc', table_name='tbl12', interpolated_properties={}, with_properties={})

Reviewer: When using `schema`, let's also just use `table`, both conveying their names?

```suggestion
print(stmt.metadata)
# Metadata(schema='doc', table='tbl12', interpolated_properties={}, with_properties={})
```

Reviewer 2: +1

```

#### Query properties.

Properties defined within a `WITH` statement, `statement.metadata.with_properties`.

```python
from cratedb_sqlparse import sqlparse

stmt = sqlparse("""
    CREATE TABLE doc.tbl12 (A TEXT) WITH (
      "allocation.max_retries" = 5,
      "blocks.metadata" = false
    );
""")[0]

print(stmt.metadata)
# Metadata(schema='doc', table_name='tbl12', interpolated_properties={}, with_properties={'allocation.max_retries': '5', 'blocks.metadata': 'false'})

> ```

Reviewer: Is it possible to derive, heuristically decode, or add type information, so that the outcome of the `with_properties` dictionary would reflect that? Maybe on a later iteration?

```python
with_properties={'allocation.max_retries': 5, 'blocks.metadata': False}
```

Author: I thought about it but didn't want to complicate the patch further.

Will add it in another PR

> #### Interpolated properties.

Reviewer 2: I don't get what's the value of splitting those into an extra key in `metadata`.
Could you please explain what is the thought behind this?

(If we keep it, for the name I think `Query parameterized properties` sounds a bit better)

Interpolated properties are properties without a real defined value, marked with a dollar string,  `metadata.interpolated_properties`

```python
from cratedb_sqlparse import sqlparse

stmt = sqlparse("""
    CREATE TABLE doc.tbl12 (A TEXT) WITH (
    "allocation.max_retries" = 5,
    "blocks.metadata" = $1
);
""")[0]

print(stmt.metadata)
# Metadata(schema='doc', table_name='tbl12', interpolated_properties={'blocks.metadata': '$1'}, with_properties={'allocation.max_retries': '5', 'blocks.metadata': '$1'})
```

> In this case, both `blocks.metadata` will be in `with_properties` and `interpolated_properties`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, `blocks.metadata` will be in `with_properties` and `interpolated_properties` as well.
```
